Community Policies
1.Preface
This Master Lease Addendum contains community rules, regulations, and/or policies that are incorporated into and part of your Tenancy Agreement. They apply to all occupants and guests. 
2.Network
         a)Basic Network: The basic optical modem has a limited range. To extend it, buy a router or inquire about rentals at the front desk.
         b)Broadband upgrade: The installation and upgrade of standalone broadband require approval from the apartment complex and cannot be privately installed.
         c) Smart Panel: Do not bind your personal account in the settings to avoid affecting the normal calling function of the robot.
3.Safety Devices and Visitor Management
a)You acknowledge that cameras may be installed at some or all of the gates and in various common areas throughout the community. If installed, are for the sole purpose of protecting our real and personal property.  
b)Visitor Registration: Guests invited by residents to enter areas beyond guest rooms or the first-floor lobby must register with security at the entrance of the visited building. Visitors must leave by 23:59. Those who stay past this time may be asked to leave or complete co-resident registration. 
c)Temporary Overnight Stays and Additional Co-residents: Anyone staying past 24:00 or arriving after that time must register in person at the Building A front desk with valid ID. Refusal to register may result in a visit from the police for mandatory registration.
4.Entry Devices
In the event your community requires an entry device, the following policies apply.
a)Access Card: Occupants will receive 1 controlled access cards. Additional cards may be available for an additional charge of ￥50 each.
b)Damaged, Lost or Unreturned Cards, Remotes, or Key Fobs: If a controlled access device is lost, misplaced, stolen, damaged, or not returned at termination of this Agreement, a fee of ￥50 will be charged for each device replacement.
c)After Hours Lock Out: After office hours, you must contact us at the 24-Hour Hotline to gain access if you have locked yourself out. 
d)Lock Outs During Office Hours: If you are locked out of your apartment home or mailbox during business hours, contact us. A picture I.D. may be required to gain access to your apartment home.
5.Inside or Near the Apartment Home
5.1Windows and Doors: Any window treatment installed by you shall present a uniform appearance with the exterior of the building. The use of foil and other similar materials, on windows is strictly prohibited. You will not obstruct any windows or doors.
5.2Welcome Mats and Heavy Items: You shall not place any unusually heavy objects on the floor of the Premises, such as pool tables, waterbeds, etc. without our prior written permission. You will not obstruct any doorways, stairs, entry passages, breezeways, courtyards, or halls of the community.
5.3Soliciting: Soliciting is not permitted in the community.
5.4Furniture, Televisions, Appliances: In the event your apartment home has furniture, televisions, and/or appliances included, you agree to maintain them in a clean condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted. Removal of these items is not allowed. Upon move-out, these items must be placed in the same location they were upon move-in. You will pay the cost to repair, replace, or clean the furniture, televisions, and/or appliances.
5.5Pets: The tenant acknowledges and agrees to all terms in Article 10 "Pet Keeping" of the [Lease Agreement], and agrees to pay an additional deposit of RMB 5,000 per authorized pet and a monthly pet rent, prior to landlord approval or pets moving into the property.
5.6Wires and Personal Items Outside the Home: No radio, television, and other wires are permitted on any part of the apartment home. You shall not store personal items in the outside walkways, breezeways, or under stairs.
5.7Noise: Our quiet hours are between 10pm to 7am daily. Do avoid any loud noises or disturbances during this time period.
5.8Balcony / Terrace: No climbing, no throwing any items, no dangerous placement of items that may fall from height to avoid falling objects from above.

6.Odors
You, your occupants, guests, and invitees acknowledge that we cannot prevent odors in and around your apartment home and community. 
6.1Resident Responsibilities: If you create odors, you shall provide proper ventilation, so you do not disturb or cause inconvenience to others. 
6.2Removal of Odors: If the carpet, walls, A/C ducts, or other items in the apartment home retain odors due to your use or surrounding residents complain about the odors, you will be responsible for the cost of removing unwanted smells and odors. 
7.Parking and Vehicles
In the event your community has parking for residents, the following policies apply. Guest must park in designated parking spots only. Please kindly contact the reception for more details regarding parking in your community.
8.Trash Removal and Disposal
a)Trash Classification: In accordance to the law, it is mandatory for trash to be sorted and disposed accordingly to Wet Garbage, Dry Garbage, Recyclables, Toxic Garbage. You are responsible for complying with all regulations pertaining to trash classification. You may get a penalty for failing to adhere to the trash classification guide. 
b)General: Please break down empty boxes. Keep the area clean and litter free. If applicable, close the lid after use.
c)Prohibited Items: You understand that you cannot place the following items in or around the trash dumpster area: propane tanks, flammable or toxic materials, furniture, bedding, appliances, auto batteries, tires, and oil/petroleum products. 
d)Stacking items in the hallway: According to fire department regulations, the hallway is a fire escape route and cannot have any trash or personal items placed in the hallway area.










9.Smoking Prohibited 
Our community is a non-smoking community. Please take the necessary action to do not smoke out of the designated smoke areas that will not disturb your neighbors. We have the designed smoke areas located outside of 7th floor on the patio and outside of entry way on the ground floor.
10.Pest Control
To prevent any infestation of pests, please keep your apartment home clean and tidy. If you do have a need for pest extermination, please kindly contact the reception for more assistance and information.
11.Packages/Deliveries
The reception team will be able to assist in keeping your packages if you are out of the apartment building. Please kindly collect your packages/deliveries from the reception within 48 hours of the delivered time. 
12.Maintenance Emergencies
Service requests will be handled after office hours if they are emergencies. We define emergencies as the following:
a)Electrical or gas failure of any nature
b)Broken or non-working exterior doors, locks, windows
c)Malfunctioning access gates that are locked and will not open
d)No water
e)Overflowing toilet
f)Broken pipes
g)Fire (call 119); Emergency Rescue (call 120); Police (call 110)
h)After business hours, emergency service requests can be reported by calling the office. The on-duty service technician will be notified and will respond as quickly as possible.
13.Apartment Home Transfers
When transferring to another apartment home within the community:
a)You shall not replace or transfer your interest in the Tenancy Agreement, or any part hereof, without our prior written consent. If you are in violation of the Tenancy Agreement, you will not be approved for a transfer.
b)You must sign a Transfer form.
c)The criteria for qualifications of credit, income and employment, residence, and criminal must be met for residents that transfer within the lease term or at the end of the lease term.
d)You must fulfil at least 6 months of your current lease term before you will be eligible to transfer to a new apartment home.
e)If applicable, a transfer fee must be paid prior to transferring. A new security deposit may be required to secure the new apartment home. In addition, market rent, new pet deposit/fees (if applicable) and other applicable fees must be paid. 
f)You are required to provide a written move-out notice according to your Tenancy Agreement from the current apartment home. The vacated apartment home must be left in the condition described in the move-out cleaning instructions. We will inspect the apartment home and forward statements and deposit refunds to your new address.
g)If you cancel the transfer after the new apartment home has been assigned and taken off the market, you will be responsible for any economic loss sustained resulting from your failure to rent the new apartment home.
h)You shall be responsible for all moving costs including those associated with switching utilities and services to the new apartment home if a transfer is approved. 
14.Amenity/Facility Safety-Related Restrictions


14.1Safety-Related Restrictions: Our community contains amenities/facilities that are intended to enhance the living experience for you and your occupants. You agree that, for safety-related reasons, certain amenities/facilities may require restrictions on use. You agree to abide by posted signs. You further agree that you, your occupants or guests will be supervised, as needed, by someone possessing the proper skills to supervise the particular activity at the amenities/facilities. 
14.2Residents Shall Exercise Their Own Prudent Judgement: You, occupants and guests are advised to exercise their own prudent judgement with respect to the unsupervised use of the facilities located throughout the community. By establishing safety-related use restrictions, we are not in any manner representing, guaranteeing, or ensuring the safety of any persons when participating in the activities or using the facilities of the community with or without supervision. 
14.3Self-Help Bar
In the event your community has a self-help bar for the enjoyment of all residents, the following policies apply.
a)Bar equipment usage instructions may be posted at each location or are available from us. Please contact us before attempting to use these equipment.  
b)Keep pets and persons requiring supervision away from equipment and hot water.
c)Your community may require a deposit or fee to use the facility. Contact us for further details.
d)Never leave a functioning equipment unattended. 
e)Keep flammable materials away from the equipment.
f)You are to return the equipment to its original condition after your usage. You will be liable for any damaged, lost or stolen equipment for the duration of your usage. 
15.Photographs, Digital Images, Video
All residents, occupants, visitors and guests while in common areas, give Owner, management company, their employees, agents, subsidiaries and authorized vendors the right to record their image and/or voice, and grant Owner and management company all rights to use these sound, still, or moving images in any and all media, now or hereafter known, and for any purpose whatsoever. 
A release to Owner, management company, their employees, agents, subsidiaries and authorized vendors is granted for all rights to exhibit this work in all media, including electronic form, publicly or privately. The rights, claims or interest controlling the use of identity or likeness in the sound, still or moving images is waived and any uses described herein may be made without compensation or consideration. 
16.Elevators
In the event your community has an elevator(s) for the enjoyment of all residents, the following policies apply.
a)Do not attempt to maneuver or stop closing doors. Wait for the elevator car.
b)In the event of a fire or other situation that could lead to a disruption in electrical services, take the stairs.
c)When entering and exiting the elevator, watch your step as the elevator car may not be perfectly level with the floor.
d)Do not climb out of a stalled elevator. Use the alarm, help, or telephone button to call for assistance.
17.Fire /Other Emergencies
Emergency situations may occur during your residency. Please remember that you are responsible for your own safety and the safety of your occupants, guests and invitees. You should look to the proper authorities for any assistance when needs exceed your abilities. Please note the following regarding certain emergency situations. 
17.1Fire Hazards: Following fire safety regulations in apartment home and community is necessary. No flammable or combustible objects/substances should be stored near an item which produces heat. If you own an item that require an open flame to operate or which produces heat, it must always be used under supervision. Walkways and hallways should always be unobstructed, and fireworks are prohibited inside the apartment building. 
17.2Fire Alarms: In the event residents are given procedures for fire alarms, you, your occupants, guests and invitees are required to adhere to all procedures.
a)You and your occupants, guests, and invitees must not tamper with, interfere with, or damage any alarm equipment and/or installation. 
b)In the event the community has a fire sprinkler system, you acknowledge and hereby agree that it is important to be careful near fire sprinkler heads so as not to falsely trigger or activate them. If you trigger or activate the fire sprinkler system, you will be responsible for all damages caused by the activation.
c)Anyone found to falsely pull a fire alarm will be subject to criminal charges, a fine, and/or a default of the Tenancy Agreement.



d)An extension cord must be UL approved, 16 gauges, and not exceed an un-spliced length of six feet with polarized plug and a single outlet; it may not be placed under floor coverings or furnishings and may not be secured by penetrating the insulation. 
18.Power Outage
In the event of a power outage that lasts more than 24 hours, we have the right, but not an obligation, to dispose of the contents of the refrigerator/freezer in your apartment home. You waive any claim and hold us harmless for the disposal of such contents. You agree not to seek recovery against us for interruption of power that results in disposal, loss, or spoilage of refrigerated or frozen food. 
19.Payments
Unless otherwise allowed at your community, we only accept electronic payments. Cash, paper checks, paper money orders or other forms of payment will not be accepted.
20.Data and Communication
You understand and accept that we may collect, retain, use, transfer, and disclose personal information or sensitive personal information (if any) in accordance with the Civil Code of the People's Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, and other relevant laws and regulations as updated from time to time, such as the first name, last name, email address and phone number of you or your occupants, as well as personal identity information, personal biometric information, and information on minors under the age of 14 (if applicable) in the unit. We may collect, retain, and use that information, or disclose that information to domestic third parties or overseas entities (including but not limited to overseas affiliates or overseas suppliers providing technical/management services) to, among other things, (a) operate the Property; (b) provide services consistent with the Lease; (c) refer you to third parties that provide products or services that may be of interest to you or your occupants in the unit; (d) collect debts; and (e) conduct and analyze resident surveys. Please review the privacy policy of the owner’s authorized agent at the time of residence for a discussion of the treatment of information during your lease. The current policy may be viewed and updated from time to time at https://www.greystar.com/privacy. 
Providing an email address or cell phone number to us enables us to send important announcements, including but not limited to notices regarding an emergency water shut off, work to be done at the Property, changes in office hours, or the updated privacy policy. By providing this contact information, you and your occupants consent to receive communications regarding marketing materials, promotional offers, community messages, policies, and service reminders via e-mail, voicemails, calls, in-app messages, and/or text. 
By providing your and your occupants’ phone numbers, you acknowledge and agree that we may contact you and your occupants at the phone number(s) that you and your occupants have provided, including through an automatic telephone dialing system and/or an artificial prerecorded voice, with information and notifications about the community and for other non-marketing, informational purposes, including in connection with expiration of your lease. You further warrant to us that you or your occupants are the subscriber for any wireless number that you or your occupants have provided. You agree to immediately notify us if you or your occupants are no longer the subscriber for a wireless number, or if a wireless number changes. Text messaging and data rates may apply. 
You authorize us to deliver messages regarding renewal of your lease and other offers to you at the telephone number(s) that you have provided, including through the use of an automatic telephone dialing system and/or artificial prerecorded voice. You acknowledge and agree that this authorization is made voluntarily.
The permissions and consents granted herein apply to the owner of the community and the owner’s authorized agents/representatives, including its property manager, and will continue even after your lease expires, the owner of the community sells the community, or the property manager no longer manages the community. 
21.Permission to Enter
You acknowledge that we, or authorized personnel by us, may enter the unit as allowed by the laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China. In order to fulfil our responsibilities or obligations, upon prior notification in writing, app notification, or verbal, we may enter the unit under circumstances such as, but not limited to, routine maintenance, inspections, housekeeping, or companying potential lessees to view the unit during the last few months of the tenancy period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we shall also have the right to gain access into the Premises without prior notification, in the event of an emergency.
22.Conduct
You agree to communicate and conduct yourself at all times in a lawful, courteous, and reasonable manner when interacting with us; our employees, agents, independent contracts, and vendors; other residents, occupants, guests or invitees; or any other 

person in the community. Any acts of unlawful, discourteous, or unreasonable communication or conduct by you or your occupants, guests or invitees, shall be a material breach of this Agreement and will entitle us to exercise all of our rights and remedies for default. 
You agree not to engage in any abusive behavior, either verbal or physical, or any form of intimidation or aggression directed at us; our employees, agents, independent contracts, and vendors; other residents, occupants, guests or invitees; or any other person in the community. Any acts of abusive or offensive behavior whether verbal or physical by you or your occupants, guests or invitees, shall be a material breach of this Lease and will entitle us to exercise all of our rights and remedies for default.
If requested by us, you agree to conduct all further business with us in writing. 

To ensure the maintenance of a high-quality living environment within our community, we respectfully request that all residents adhere to the aforementioned "Community Policies". In the event of non-compliance, LIV’N THE SPARK reserves the right to request immediate departure. Residents who are asked to leave due to violations will be held responsible for all accommodation charges incurred during their stay, as well as any additional costs associated with cleaning, replacement of furniture/fixtures/accessories, and necessary repairs. Furthermore, any advance payments made will not be refunded.

Room Number：                            Signature：